Feature/enhance validation consistency for field elements (#937)
Refinitiv/refinitiv-ui: documents/src/pages/elements/email-field.md

```

## Input validation

> To validate input from users, `ef-email-field` provides similar features to a native input. When a user assigns an invalid input to the control, it will automatically apply an error style to alert the user. However, if you define a default value that is invalid, you need to call `input.reportValidity()` during initialization to ensure the error style is applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ef-email-field` has validation logic similar to native input. When user types invalid value to the control, error style will be shown to notify user. However, if control is being initialised with an invalid value, `reportValidity()` must be called to ensure the error style is applied.
```

Author: updated
